this magnificent creature preparing
whoops preparing to lay her eggs is the
largest of all turtles a leatherback
they can go up to half a ton in weight
and they have an ancestry that goes back
a hundred million years to the age of
the dinosaur but in recent times their
numbers have fallen catastrophic ly here
however in the Caribbean there is hope
never pack turtles leave the sea in
order to lay their eggs in the dry sand
but out of water these huge creatures of
easy targets for hunters in a small
fishing village in Trinidad Len Peters
has experienced this firsthand I grew up
in a household where the presence of
filter meters normal fridge is always
full of it
everybody everybody had visitors
including my parents it's only when I
became exposed to things that were being
published about leather basil and blues
of extinction and nobody cares that
piqued my interest then took the
leatherbacks future into his own hands
he began patrolling the beach at night
to protect the turtles a brave thing to
do
we were met with tremendous resistance
people would Pelt us at night I have had
persons um insult me and my hot person
curse me I represent physically try to
wrestle me with a machete so there's
really a hostile time back then if then
was going to save these Turtles he
needed to win over the whole community
we had to find a way to get the
villagers to benefit from the presence
of these animals he began to encourage
tourists to visit the beach and train
some villagers to be their guides
to help secure the turtles future he
took the message to the next generation
now once what's the largest size of
leatherback and go to Shani
that's correct let about control
mm pop that's a big lens hard work paid
off and now attitudes have changed it
took us a while to reach out to the
villagers but gradually we got them
involved as well because some of the
poachers who will be hunting the animals
to be part of the conservation program
you